Agendas
-------

There's a specific fetus agenda lifetime to lifetime. The *avatar*
agenda evolves the greater soul’s ability to generate light and have
experiences over thousands and thousands of *I am* expressions who have
been fetuses. There are times where the over-soul — the avatar — gets
looped in servitude to a system which lowers its capacity to use light,
and, as a result, it cannot expand.

A non-agenda being occurs when time is irrelevant to the great
experience. Linear time is not the focus of the agenda. It may do one
thing twenty-eight thousand years ago, seventeen things two years ago,
two million things forty-eight million years ago, and that, technically
speaking, is a non-agenda. The things done in the non-agenda create a
resolution for some agendas or apply potential solutions for agendas
stuck and unable move forward. Non-agenda allows us to cut and paste
time-based experiences out of certain *I am* experiences and use them
temporarily in a new *I am* expression to manifest past or future
non-agenda aspects into a present agenda.

The Awakening Journey
---------------------

We live on a seventh dimensional seed planet. Earth can teleport itself
through time and space seed worlds. These worlds are a blank sheet. They
have no Akashic record. The life force seeded by earth allows the new
world to start growing with its own Akashic record.

When we reconnect with source, we become celestial mediums of peace. We
start using the womb chakras to create. This was earth’s original plan.
This planet seeds life and brings the celestial minds into the planet to
bond within the solar system. THE celestial mind extends spiritual
contracts to a sun. The sun extends its contracts to the life force.
This connects it to the Galactic Celestial Commerce Market.

Awakening is kindling of the awareness strand of galactic commerce
through celestial minds, using celestial mediums as the guides and
guideposts of the many frequencies of time. This allows the ocean of
awareness to go into the sea of consciousness and generate incarnations
and reincarnations within a solar system. A solar system is an energetic
or a physical being within a world, there to experience the strands of
connectivity.

The earth was originally created for the unique experience of spawning
new galaxies. That was the design and intent. The opposite has occurred.
The earth was heavily manipulated into becoming a DNA farm by means of
the time travel wars. Source connection became the greater mission. Our
sound and light fractal, our dimension, was hacked. We were set upon the
worship of false gods. The misdirection or harvesting of human
intentional energy is the basis of false fractals of the divine
hologram. It's a multidimensional expression of building our own prison.
We are co-creators. Even if we've forgotten that, they haven't.

Our mission is to experience the infinite ways soul connects and
disconnects from source. Earth offers a vast variety of messages and
concepts to learn soul disconnection. As we disentangle from the system
of domination and control, from past lives gone awry, the more we can
step into the understanding of true soul connection. There are people on
earth who planned hundreds of lives in advance to be here now to assist
with this process. We can call this the resistance of free earth.
They're here to find the soul codes among all of our species and
complete them. Domination and control could no longer keep us separate
as soul families with a complete soul code.

Celestial Medium Journey
------------------------

The journey to celestial medium begins with self-mastery by daily
practice, which becomes a monthly practice, a yearly practice, then a
constant practice, a function as ingrained as breathing. A celestial
medium expands consciousness to become a translator of the *blue road of
spirit*, knowledge of the spirit and the ancestry working with you.

Mastering the finite *I am* while acknowledging the infinite *I am*
creates the medium space by which consciousness skirts the sides of
infinite and finite. The celestial medium takes up the million letter
alphabet in this space, compresses it with their precognitive workforce,
and uploads to the implicate *I am*. The explicate *I am* — the
incarnation — consciously downloads it to process and manifest. It then
returns the data back to the implicate *I am* — the being in the sea of
consciousness within the ocean of awareness — uploading back to the
universe. The human mind and body can't hold the information forever.
This is the back and forth method between the implicate and explicate *I
am* through the process of the celestial medium.

There is a receive, respond, retain, release process in passing higher
frequency information from the body's perspective. Bring it into the
body. Unpack it. Decode it. This avails the data to your higher
frequency level. The packed information goes up to the crown chakra and
back to the original source — the frequency pattern of the universe
around us.

We are incarnate life forms here now. We are not up there in the
celestial realms. It creates distortion in us if we hold on to it. Many
channelers end up corrupt because they don’t let go of the information.
They hoard it. The distortions lie unconsciousness in their bodies. It
can lead to possession. There are external sources that want to possess
bodies hoarding information. They dissolve the information into pure
energy and feed on it. Letting go of that information is one-hundred
percent conscious effort. We must say, I am packing this information
back up, knowing full well that I cannot hold on to it, and then release
it back to the universe.

Our bodies adapt and evolve in this celestial medium process. We can’t
really say we're both — an incarnate life form and a non *I am* on the
celestial medium side, which perceives time in a much longer length.
Whatever agenda the micro-soul has. it's dwarfed compared to the
celestial medium's length of time. The agendas don’t match through
length of time, but they are both in equal experience simultaneously.
You experience the super long game of the celestial mind, and the long
game of the *I am*. It works with the higher spirit to be in the medium
space. From the medium space it transfers the *allness* of the *I am*
into the code, downloads the code, returns to the *I am* state,
manifests with the code, then puts the code back into the celestial
space. We simultaneously experience local time to super long galactic
time, going back and forth, the finite and infinite *I am* equally and
continuously changing frequency without competition for temporal
dominance.

### Reincarnation of Celestial Mind

A self-spawned celestial medium is a planet’s translator, able to speak
to and communicate with other celestial minds, and it translates from
the higher frequency to the lower density energy, allowing everyone to
understand the common messages. The seventh-dimensional seed planet as a
celestial medium is a bit different. Celestial mediums can exist on
every planet, wherever there's a celestial mind. A lot of celestial
mediums will spawn before a planet's demise, right before the light goes
out. This has happened on other worlds. To save their own life force,
the celestial mediums travel into the future, to an endpoint of its
consciousness, just before the light of the planet — the literal stream
of energy — fades out completely. They locate the front point of their
earliest celestial mind and absorb it, then they seed their celestial
mind on another planet.

The life of celestial minds is inspiring, like everything else in
creation. It's really just one thing happening at different levels. Just
as the white wisp of seedling leaves the dandelion with the slightest
wind at just the right time in its cycle, so too are the seeds of
celestial minds blown from one field to another, one world to another in
this scale. It's just life. No different than the turnings of nature
here. Celestial minds have their own astral worlds. They have their own
life reviews. They possess a variety of means to stave off death,
natural processes by which something is spawned from their world.

Crystallization
---------------

During the awakening, it's vital that our DNA crystallizes. It's so new
strands of awareness have the fluidity to grow, like a plant, and create
solid neural pathways into many different dimensions. In a sense, we are
the future us. and there will be another future us who is a lot closer
to the *awakening*, and our stream of light lengthens from an alpha to a
theta pattern. When our wavelength lengthens, the experience becomes
more dense and rich. Full fluidity means no internal limitations of
spirit stopping you from creating incredibly potent memories backed by
faith and spirit. By manifesting the dream as a tangible feeling, people
can taste, touch, know, sense, smell, feel, and experience. Many people
taste hearing, or hear through taste, or both. When it becomes a
tangible experience, it has many unseen languages behind it, defining it
more by making the dream-space tangible here and now. It's that journey.
Make everything real now. Open up the Akashic records, here and now, in
this moment. Then it can be crystallized into our greater form of
growth. It's not just observation. Sometimes the lineage has the
awareness built into it, and people go through awakening based off time
locked experiences.

DNA
---

DNA is part of the founder’s technology. It is the connective tissue
from the ocean of awareness and sea of consciousness to a light based
wisdom, intelligence, and consciousness for any animated biological or
non-biological entity. It was fundamental when this universe was being
created, a unique experience compared to other universes. There are many
variations of DNA. Non-biological DNA is solidified matter which can
have DNA based rungs and structures within its growth patterns, with its
own inherent intelligence. The crystal and mineral communities don’t
need to walk to have an experience. Walking is a unique experience. An
entire line of creation springs from it.

The DNA strand organization, or the strands themselves, create the weave
of the DNA, the encoding of the strands. Every strand represents a
different level and capacity of memory storage. They enfold into an
implicate order of greater awareness. DNA can store frequencies of time.
This how we remember past lives, but not the only way. There are other
ways to remember past lives. The organization of your strands, and the
rungs that connect your strands, determine how much you can remember
from past lives. Certain strands block out all past lives — negative
strands of wisdom and awareness. Many people within the awakening will
replace negative with positive strands. On the other side of the
awakening new strands will be added to our capacity.

Fairies
-------

There exists entire realities sightly out of phase with humanity. One of
these is the fairy kingdom — dwarfs and gnomes. We can’t see them with
our eyes, but they are still here, layered into the reality. The sun is
what creates the fundamentals of time, the passing of the seasons, the
movement of the stars. Roman numeral time has tried to hijack our
awareness of that to make it central focus of our mind's resolution of
time. Places of power, which naturally attract us, have thinned veils
between the layers of reality. Our consciousness has more capacity to
perceive, receive, understand, and interact with the usually unseen
layers of reality. We are more in the quantum field than the chemical
frequency in these locals. A closed person visiting Normandy won't see
the other layers of reality. It's just a memorial, but the veil in those
places is very thin, nevertheless, the chemical reaction stops closed
people from seeing the other side. Tapping into the deeper layers of
reality is based on how tuned in you are to allow those experiences. The
*I am* as the experiencer, fully in the vagus nerve, is intraconnected
and interconnected, and can simply experience different levels. The *I
am* as the observer can observe but not process the data.

The Farm
--------

There are many boogeyman stories out there. Every culture has them. It's
the devil in Christianity, Satan is Islam, the archons for the Gnostics,
the many and varied monsters of HP Lovecraft, and too many more to list.
They are all fundamentally true, or, a better way of saying it, is that
they are contextually true. There are two gradients of truth that must
line up in any investigation — details and context. If you get the
details right in the wrong context the truth will not unlock for you,
and if you get the right context and the wrong details you are similarly
locked out of the truth. The context of our situation has always been
correct. We are beset by negative, regressive, parasitic creatures which
impede us, slow us, and, in the worst cases, control and dominate us.
The truth is the earth is a genetics farm. The only real commodity in
creation is genetics.

Our infinite source energy is the harvest. The DNA farming technology
allowed them to tap into the fundamental source of the exchange system.
It's manipulating the galactic commerce and exchange system. The global
narrative, the disinformation stream from the control system on the
planet now, simulates the galactic commerce market, but, in doing so, it
mutes it to a planetary narrative. That is an imposed limitation. Our
connectivity goes into all the dimensions and right back to the source
of time and life itself. They created false gods. We were entrained to
worship them. These false gods were the first idols of awareness. They
were deliberately created to minimize our experience of reality by
minimizing what we imagined to be reality. He who controls context
controls the debate, the oldest maxim of debate, retaught to successive
generations right to this day at Oxford, Yale, and Harvard. The first
gods and religions limited our consciousness growth and entrained us to
hierarchical order — *right away governor, his lordship's permission to
speak*, and a million other linguistic artifacts of mental colonization.
Our spiritual birthright and legacy are robbed. When someone popped into
remind us — and her you can pencil in a near endless list of sages,
shamans, prophets, mystics, and masters — they were dealt with swiftly
and harshly, especially if the message spread too quickly. We are told
it's difficult to learn how to walk — baby steps! — and never even told
we can fly. Where people lived through the lies, usually in native
cultures, they correctly adduced their environment was a living lesson
of what human consciousness can do. Nature has an eagle, so, naturally,
a human being seeing the eagle would try to imagine what the eagle might
see from that vantage, then, lo and behold, they realized they could fly
without wings, that their imaginations were doorways to higher
consciousness, and it was good and right until the Jesuits mercilessly
massacred them precisely because they were spiritually toxic and
infectious, corrosive to the created gods narrative of the *civilized*
peoples of the world.

To disentangle from the global narrative, we have to temporarily accept
the third dimension as our infinite source-connected space, until we
realize the fourth dimension is a bridge dimension to new strands of
dimensional awareness. The surface world becoming more dense with light.
Our Solar System is moving into into the eighth color of time, a
*galactic groove* with more light. Acceptance of the third dimension
means going back to natural living, back to simplicity, being present in
the body, using this time now to heal, to nurture and nourish the
incarnate life form. Inviting joy, bliss, and pleasure back into our
lives, fulfilling part of the original purpose of coming here to earth —
the grand enjoyment and creation of life, the journey from finite to
infinite, death a simple marker point for the translation before
entering the infinite frequency again. In order to fully engage in this
experience, to spirituality understand, we have to take the mystical out
of mysticism to engage mystical and magical synchronicities. Part of it
is the great forgetting at birth.

Fertility and Spirituality
--------------------------

There's an eye in the heart often activated through child birth. Women
can see through this eye in the same manner we see through the third eye
in the forehead, the imagination center. The menstrual cycle is a way
for the rods and cones to align with the third eye plus the ones in the
heart, rectum, or clitoris, all extensions of the third eye. A man’s
third eye can travel to the tip of the penis and connect into the womb
portal from there. Menstrual cramps and pains are often a sign of being
out of alignment in those areas. A most beneficial prayer technique for
women during their cycle is to call in all their thoughts, ideas,
constructs, and energies from previous menstruation cycles and detach
from them on a month to month basis. These powerful times for women are
being high jacked and bastardized by the global narrative. The menstrual
blood is very powerful as an energy of being a negotiator, an
arbitrator, or peacemaker.

Menstruation continues after menopause. Women still go through the cycle
without blood. The fertility spirits attached to menopause move on to a
higher density. The DNA is no longer producing the unique experience of
bleeding, but the spiritual mechanics remain the same, even more
intensified through menopause. In most cases when women experience heavy
menopausal symptoms, they're actually giving birth in other simultaneous
realities which need the births. Their remaining fertile life alters
versions of themselves who didn’t get pregnant. Using their biological
clock, they find a signature frequency match to complete
interdimensional birthing as part of their karmic resolution.

Hot flashes can happen when an alternate version of the woman is
breaking water and is more than likely going to die from the birth. they
are transferring chemical life force based on their experience to avoid
this. A hot flash can also be another version of you, in another place
and time, and in an alien form, in which the birth got difficult.
Birthing is part of karmic resolution. This is important to remember.
Through strands of awareness in the DNA, the connective tissues transfer
life force to assist in that birth by another simultaneous version of
yourself who lacks fertility power or lives in an environment with no
fertility at all. This allows the mystical births to happen, the babies
who should never have survived or lived. Evening primrose oil is one of
the natural remedies for hot flashes. This plant oil is harvested as an
essence to lessen the effect in this reality and, at the same time, it
amplifies the experience on the unseen side.

Some strands in the DNA need a special chemical soup in the body to
activate fertility. It used to be manipulated in the overall chemistry
of the body. Other strands had more opportunities to awaken. When a
woman who never gave birth is going through a very difficult time during
menopause, another version of her simultaneous existence is going
through a birthing experience. They are both be intrinsically linked to
reduce the negative effect. There are times when co-living souls go
through menopause together, This generates new life in celestial
nurseries. It gives birth to a new soul frequency in the ocean of
awareness. The new soul frequency begins the journey into the sea of
consciousness and manifests in time and space.

The fatty deposits around the midline during menopause serve as a
protective membrane, but it can block good experiences with regards to
working with a woman’s residual image. Once the biological fertility
clock stops ticking, the *awareness clock* takes over. We can gain a
greater awareness and perspective of the awakening. We can experience
mood swings when the body is trying to find the right chemistry. It's a
balance between overproducing and underproducing hormones and chemicals.

Men go through menopause too, and they also have their individual
process through cycles of creation. As they actualize their physical
manifestations, a house, artwork, business, what have you, they leave
their legacy for their clan, tribe, nation. Men build an archive of
experience that stays manifested in time and space. Lineages in the
unseen can plan lives through the infrastructure created by the urge of
manifestation. Men reach their sexual peak around the age of eighteen.
Women reach their peak in their thirties. This is why it's important for
the infrastructure in the unseen to be planned. The cycles have been
manipulated by DNA farming. If the human reproductive cycle was not
manipulated, most pregnancies would be eighteen to twenty-four months.
In some instances it can be up to five years. In the past, the umbilical
cord wouldn’t be cut for months. This allowed more bonding between the
partners. There was more opportunity for the father to have ritual
connection to the child through the mother as the medium of the
connection.

Testosterone drives creativity in men. There are other things similar to
testosterone that drive construction. A male scientist doesn’t use
testosterone, but he uses another version of it, a mental aspect of the
testosterone. There's no scientific name for it yet in this reality.
There are several hundred forms of testosterone, each with a different
chemical chain that allows a different aspect of creation. Through
manipulation of our bodies we are not producing the all encompassing
testosterone which keeps us in fight, flight, or freeze. Our glands have
been manipulated to produce one strand of testosterone over the other
which leads us back to the cerebellum in the motor cortex.

Karma
-----

It's very easy to create karma through unawareness. It's really the
purpose of karma. Karma is unawareness. The karmic cycle produces
awareness. Karma is the simplest of things to understand once you build
into the divine hologram. It begins in our vaguest of awareness, a
silent petition, a nudge for experience, then, somewhere in time we meet
the circumstance that matches the silent petition. We sign the contract
and we cycle through the karma. We live the experience, first as an
inner realization of what the impulse was, then the manifestation, then
the realization and participation of others drawn to the karmic
circumstance you have created, as you will be drawn to others in an
effort to resolve your karma, and then the co-creator edits our creation
in the form of, you guessed it, karma.

All of it is tied together by this sound and light that animates all the
worlds where we create. I suppose a canvas would be an appropriate
metaphor. We are an aspect of that which generates the sound and light.
We are an aspect of the prime creator. We can co-create in the divine
hologram. It's all a co-creation down here, at least insofar as human
beings are concerned. But we own what we create through cycles and
consequences we didn't anticipate when we created. This is the law. Own
what you think, feel, and do. Of course the law is oft abused and
circumvented. Karma dumping and swapping — read scapegoating here — is
an active market for third party consultants: ritualists, black
magicians, wizards, artificial intelligences, influential entities, and
too many more to list here.

Let's take a simple, commonly experienced karmic pattern in our
post-modern human life — the dysfunctional relationship. Remember the
last time you were in one. Now remember when you allowed yourself to
contemplate leaving the relationship. You felt elated, right? It was a
mixture of fear, elation, and tension. Your precognitive workforce
foreshadowed your emotional state. That's how you were able to feel it.
You borrowed emotions from an as-of-then unlived future.

It's possible to have a parallel set of experiences. There can be two
parallel and simultaneous expressions of you existing at decision
points. The simultaneously existing *I am* chooses to walk out, but you
don’t, or vice versa. It makes no difference. There's an infinite number
of reasons why parallel cross overs happen. It balances out the old
karmic journey and creates a new one — the law of entanglement.

The great awakening transcends karma. The awakening is the end of karma
as universal law. Karmic entanglement is no longer to be used as
universal law. Consciousness has evolved in our part of the galaxy. The
simplicity of karma can easily be intentionally abused. It can lock
beings into servitude without end. The great awakening is going to
backstop it. A new system of resolution for thought, word, and deed is
coming into place.

Karma as an entanglement experiment describes a quantum state that is
not entirely independent of other states, whether or not the individual
objects are spatially separated. As a result, measurements performed on
one system seem to instantaneously influence the other system(s)
entangled with it. None of the entangled states are isolated from one
another. Let’s look at Einstein's spooky law through the disentanglement
and entanglement of the incarnate life form to source. There's the
entanglement within the hologram of a planet surface — subsurface and
astral timelines — Separate from its surface timeline, which is a DNA
farm cultivated for harvest. In this instance, which is the example of
earth, source connection and disconnection become a primarily surface
based experience. That experience as a choice based process promotes the
unlimited point of view — entangled and unentangled observer and
experiencer of the universal and galactic sources — even though we are
still embodied on a planetary surface separate from the solar system’s
awareness. Earth is a unique place of mass DNA farming. It can lead to
mass awakening through individual choice and responsibility.

The person creating an experiment is creating a construct that has
connective tissue in the unseen world. It allows data transference from
the unseen layers of one DNA frequency to another. Certain people have
windows in the unseen layers which allow information to bleed through.
It bleeds through the five senses — as a processing system — to create a
limited form of awareness in the entangled connected tissues. The five
senses create the sixth sense, the intuition and awareness of it. These
connective tissues are all in the DNA.

Our DNA is entangled through the fetus in the womb planning. It sets a
multitude of potentials omnidirectionally. There are plenty of people
within a family who do not have a great connection to each other. It's
purpose is revealed in the spiritual contract. Look at entanglement
through thought constructs. An example is living with a person for a
long time and generating a point of view about them. The construct makes
for very easy interaction because of the many neural pathways between
the two people. This creates additional pattern recognition, which
results in more thoughts. We then project the entire thought construct
onto that person. The construct must be broken at some point because it
will impede objectivity. It will become the norm. We create and break
these thought constructs, the conscious aspect of entanglement.

The Literal Metaphor
--------------------

Observation is also implicate order awareness. The observer effect
should not have come so early in the crystallization process. Some
people can have a three sense observation and still access the ocean of
awareness — another bloodline influence example. Free will is tainted by
the bloodline. We grow additional strands of awareness. The ocean of
awareness and the sea of consciousness crystallizes and changes the
bloodline at a certain level of acceptance and integration. This is the
journey of the celestial medium — *I transfer the allness of myself to
become the celestial medium. I no longer need to grow in this narrative.
The next narrative I grow is in the spiritual commerce network.*

We are hypothetical beings. We can believe in many things. The universe
determines what manifests through our wills. Hypothetical becomes *I
am*. It's realized through engaging our belief engines which allow
strands of awareness to influence intuition — precognition and
postcognition — without competition or hierarchy. A multidimensional
being manifests into this third dimension through created tangible
experiences co-created with the infinite celestial medium. The incarnate
life form is the expression of the present, the here, the now.

Epigenetic urges influenced by past memories often keep us from creating
new experiences. We have lived billions of incarnations. It's vital we
disconnect from them and reconnect with source. This is the way to
create new memories, which is part of the awakening journey. We
sometimes over-identify with aspects of our evolution. Identity as myth
is rarely explored, but it can hugely influence the way we experience
life, and how we create in it. The more we identify with one part of our
journey — grand earthly masters of manifestation or spiritual celestial
mediums — the more we limit ourselves and inhibit our access to the
possibilities of the many divine holograms. Buckminster Fuller
immortalized the phrase — *I seem to be a verb* — when it came to
considering identity.

    I live on Earth at present,
    and I don’t know what I am.
    I know that I am not a category.
    I am not a thing — a noun.
    I seem to be a verb,
    an evolutionary process — an integral function of the universe.

Identity is a strange thing. Thought is not static, It's a process of
movement. Different metaphors in our belief engines change the very
nature of the internal representation. By looking at celestial
mediumship from this different perspective, we can change the way we
identify with it, gain clarity and ease on how we interact and work with
it. Ask — *what does celestial mediumship look like for me* — a ship
that helps us sail through the ocean of awareness and the sea of
consciousness, a vehicle we sit behind, a building we construct? It's
all about the unique way we internalize the subject matter to fractalize
the strands of information, enter it to cognition, and realize it in the
here and now. Talk in pictures. Metaphor may be alchemically
internalized as an expression of a multidimensional, multifunctional
being of photonic light.

Mandela Effect
--------------

The Mandela effect is the karma of all those who've been manipulated
throughout time, as well as a bleed though from other times. The system
has shifted our reality and moved soul shards on to other realities so
our memories would be fragmented. It is a way for the universe to put
everything back to neutral and help us to find the forgotten pieces of
ourselves, the pieces and parts that has been manipulated and put
outside of time.

In the *Mandela revocation* we get all the fractured pieces — lost and
found implicate orders — together for the celestial medium of peace
journey. There are versions of ourselves lost in void space who never
got resolution and we, as the manifesting being of the now, can resolve
that paradox through creating experiences and legacies. Through
different perception and perspective we can generate manifestations on
the forgotten side so they are no longer forgotten and the system must
now deal with them as remembered not forgotten.

Forgotten selves are selves who no longer have a frequency of time in
the celestial karmic system. As we enter the celestial medium journey,
we can reconnect to the spiritual celestial commerce exchange market.
Originally here on earth, there have been certain beings and
technologies such as the different galactics, the DNA farmers: Elohims,
Reptilians, Orions, Annunaki, Arcturians, Sirians, who had different
ways of perceiving the galactic commerce network through technology.
They began manipulating the flow of energy between star systems with
technology even though they had not achieved celestial medium status in
their spiritual journeys. They were entangled observers using technology
that had simulated unentangled observer technology. This allowed them
manipulation within thousands of years instead of millions of years.
Those original DNA manipulating beings thought they were Gods. They kept
manipulating DNA and the flow of energy between celestial sources
allowing them to farm all DNA on a grand scale.

The forgotten selves are part of your forgotten workforce. They are
trying to get back into the zone where your precognitive workforce can
perceive them. They are aspects no longer connected to the nonlinear
soul. Their original linear time was erased. They are trying to get out
of this erased time back into non-linear time. There is a network of
forgotten selves that works together to be remembered. The Mandela
effect is a broadcast to all forgotten selves in awareness, unawareness,
time and no-time. Wherever life has gone, even if it has been erased,
there is an opportunity, a portal back to the hub of interconnectivity.
It can be perceived as the trans-galactic exchange system between eras
of light. Those forgotten selves will integrate with your precognitive
and postcognitive workforce and no longer be forgotten but remembered
and added to our Akashic record. They have not been part of your AR
being in forgotten space.

.. AR being??

They can represent themselves in infinite amounts of ways. It all
depends on how long they have been forgotten and what gifts they have to
offer. At the end of the Mandela revocation you are talking to every
forgotten version of yourself, so everyone of your peacekeepers may be
remembered and reconnected to the fifth world of peace, the unvanquished
dream in all existing realms. The original founder beings moved on to
other universes. Our other selves are the ones searching for the lost
Mandela effects. It is our responsibility to indicate to our
precognitive and postcognitive workforce that it should be a priority to
find every aspect of our forgotten selves up to nine hundred degrees of
separation from us in this phase of awakening.

Mind Heart Gut Super Highway
----------------------------

Sometimes the mind processes better than the heart, or the gut, or the
other way round. Then there are certain pieces of information where the
mind, the heart, and the gut have to work together. Once the
mind-heart-gut starts working together, the analogical side of the mind
— which compares two things — gets stronger, along with the empowered
programs that are with it. This is why daily practice is so important.
Locality and non-locality are still based off the brain’s time-space
location, which is a marker signifying an anima of awareness and a flow
of data. We use the brain to interpret inter-dimensional frequencies of
the multiple versions of self. The brain is the instrument of
experience. It has a gut-brain and a heart-brain, each with its own
observance/ This allows processing of different time or no-time. Brain,
mind, heart, and gut space are different natures of experience combined
into one experience.

DNA communicates within the physical form. It communicates from form to
form through incarnations. It communicates between incarnations. It
communicates to our light bodies. It has the ability to go from chemical
to light. This understanding allows reasoned contemplation on many
consequence theologies, the wages of sin, the sins of the father, and
karma itself, whether applied to an individual, a family, a community, a
geography, or any other distribution point; it's all one DNA
communication network, the prime creator's backbone for several layers
of experience, straddling light and chemical, which correlates to the
physical body and the light body. We are simultaneously living *I am*
versions of ourselves, scattered through time. In low consciousness
these other selves are unrecognized. To quote Roy Batty from *Blade
Runner*: like *tears in the rain*. In higher consciousness, our
awareness permits communication to multiple selves, the consciousness of
the earth itself, and beyond.

The *I am*, as the incarnate life form, occupies and entangles
consciousness within the body through three stages. One, the
consciousness is in the brain-heart-gut. The brain-heart-gut complex
links to the central nervous system. The central nervous system connects
the entire fascia system through the vagus nerve — the central nervous
system connector — as part of the DNA communication system. Two,
consciousness is in the sympathetic nervous system (SN) and the
parasympathetic nervous system (PSN). Three, consciousness is in the
entire neural pathway network, fascia, dermis, hairs, the entire system.
It connects to the gallbladder which is intraconnected to the vagus
nerve. Every organ is intraconnected and interconnected to the vagus
nerve.

The life form is part of the individual and collective experience. Our
life forms are on all different levels of awareness — planetary, solar,
galactic, and universal. Contemplate the vagus nerve aligned to our
magnetic North and South Pole. The sympathetic and parasympathetic is
our local space time. The sympathetic drives our daily actions when the
soul is in the body. The parasympathetic drives the body in lucid
dreaming and other spiritual states, or when it is fully in
self-defeating programs. The sympathetic can also be self-defeating and
kick the spirit out of the body. It's driven to resolves karma. It
guides us like a compass to choose a variety of karma out of free will.
The vagus nerve is connecting to the North Pole, our ancestors, and to
the South Pole, our future generations. We need to reclaim the vagus
nerve as the truest spiritual sovereign authority we have.
Parasympathetic and sympathetic programs can kick us out of the body. A
sympathetic example would be road rage, rebellious energy for the most
part. When the parasympathetic takes over and thinks it is the soul the
ego and the shadow have made an alliance inside each other to manifest
an internal villain, a bully, so the soul can’t be in the body. In
Jung’s psychology the subconscious looks upon the sympathetic as fight,
flight, or freeze, and it looks upon the parasympathetic as rest,
digest, and relax.

Entanglement is the measure of how much consciousness is in control of
the body. It is measured through the vagus nerve, the sympathetic
nervous system, and the parasympathetic nervous system.

The subconscious rest, digest, and relax vagus nerve connection is when
we are in those spiritual moments where we are reclaiming our authority,
taking back our power and purging the vagus nerve. Once we fully occupy
the central vagus nerve with our consciousness, we can flow it directly
into the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous system. This is how the
incarnate life form can retain lucid dream creations. This explains why
people run by programs have difficulty lucid dreaming. It's difficult to
make rich, high quality memories. The vagus nerve and the
parasympathetic are connected to mystical experiences. The sympathetic
has neural pathways designed to use the five senses. The five senses sum
to the sixth sense, the totality of the experience.

Think of a violin. The parasympathetic system is the body of the violin.
The sympathetic system is analogous to the strings on the violin. The
vagus nerve is the bow. Consciousness plays the violin. The
consciousness of the earth itself is the conductor. The parasympathetic
system is the resonance chamber. These things are useless alone. The
string is nothing without the bow. The vibration is nothing without the
hollow chamber resonating with the body of the violin. The fine tuning
relates to how much the soul is in the body.

The consciousness of the planet is the conductor. It hands out the sheet
music, the larger composition to which the individual instruments
contribute — the blueprint of synchronicities. Returning to our linear
ocean of awareness metaphor, the planet is the interconnection so the
body — the life form — can have an intra experience with the planet.
This may be alone, with individual family members, cultures, religions,
anything in the sheet music provided by the consciousness of the planet.
In this orchestration we seek harmony to make direct signature frequency
matches. The planet simultaneously exists in the ocean of awareness and
the sea of consciousness. The planet’s celestial mind is the medium
between these two levels of awareness as well as the planet itself
manifested in time and space so that beings living inside it can have a
s set of unique experiences. This applies to every planet in the
universe, with only a few exceptions. The celestial mind of the planet
is intraconnected with the celestial mind of us, the life forms, as well
as intra connected with the ocean of awareness and the sea of
consciousness manifesting in physical and non-physical space.

We want vagus nerve, sympathetic, and parasympathetic sovereignty. This
permits intra and interconnection to our celestial minds. The journey is
in maintaining sovereign connection as an ongoing experience until the
experience is second nature. At this unfoldment we can achieve other
forms of embodiment. We can leave the body and not lose control of the
three aspects of consciousness entanglement. We can create versions of
ourselves in other places, spaces, and times. This is our legacy as
multidimensional and multi-functional beings. We can adapt form to
communicate with other places, spaces, and species. Sovereignty is
earned when the soul can leave at will. DNA was designed so when we
reach a certain frequency we are no longer solely within chemical
experience. Chemical exchanges are fundamental to the life forms living
in this third density. Our journey is from chemical to light. The water
— the fluids — that comprise the atoms of our bodies become a resonant
amplifier. Light based experiences happen through the refraction of
water. The soul is the light inside the body. The water and fluid are
refracting it by chemical reaction. When you shine light through water
or a prism there is no chemical separation of the prism of light.
Thoughts can be implicate and explicate at the same time — orgasmic
experiences, love, and fundamental experience without thought.

Reincarnation was a trap that created karmic entanglements. To get back
to celestial mediumship, reincarnations are optional and free willed for
karmic resolution. We achieve multidimensional living and realize
leaving here was never truly the goal. Multidimensional existence is the
goal. We can generate a part of ourselves that continues the journey
while having many other parts of ourselves in other places. The *I am*
apex presence roots uncontested in the here and now. Reincarnation and
some forms of incarnation became competitive reduction journeys. The
entire experience of death is set to change. Our lives will go to three
hundred years, five hundred, seven hundred years in one go. The passing
over experience will persist to finish this era of light’s karmic
accounts. Our capacity to plan future lives with twenty to thirty
percent of our life memories, hundreds of millions of years as our
database for mapping future lives.

We're not put on our mother’s heart for days after birth with the
umbilical cord connected. This is the natural law of harmony. It's so
simple the slightest sophistry devolves us of spiritual inheritance.
Birthing in hospitals with *licensed* medical personnel and limited bed
time due to economies of utility does not complete the first
synchronizing of the child. Our *I am* technology has to come out
quickly in our body in the present system. Everything is set to slow
down. The future will see more natural birthing. Pregnancy will be
between nine and twenty-five months.

There are children here now with a good part of their memory available
to them. They might be ahead of time and lack parental guidance. The
fetus in the womb planning is set to change as well. The mother and
father will co-plan the spirit journey before the fetus even enters the
womb. It will be light based planning from the outset while fully
incarnate in this third density. This is multidimensional living. This
is the great leap forward, no offense to Mao Zedong. He had the concept
right. It was the context he lacked. A whole new human race is ready to
step out of the chrysalis of time and spread its magnificent and
colorful wings. This is the promise.

Mineral Consciousness
---------------------

Crystals and rocks are communities of beings that are part of the sea of
consciousness, too. Crystals are part of the implicate and explicate
order, simultaneously entangled and unentangled. We can imprint
entangled narrative perceptions and agendas upon crystals with our
precognitive workforce. A crystal will do what it needs to do for us
based off how our precognitive workforce manifests the matter. They are
part of the ocean of awareness that becomes part of the sea of
consciousness as animated matter. Crystal allows us access to the ocean
of awareness and the sea of consciousness based on our capacity to
perceive, receive, process, and manifest it. The crystalline structure
is materialized, no longer a fluid ocean of awareness or sea of
consciousness. When we enter the sixth and seventh dimensions,
crystallization is the lower end technology for generating matter based
awareness.

Personal Effort
---------------

We all have the birthright of celestial mediumship. Our ability to
inherit our birthright is conditional. We must focus on mastering
ourselves, healing ourselves, and nurturing ourselves toward our
inheritance. When I say inheritance I mean it literally — the sins of
the father, the wheel of karma — it's all inherited from our genetics,
but so is our greatness once we break the confines of family and
culture. Our true genetic inheritance is galactic and universal. This is
the greatest secret of the human race. This is why distraction is the
main tool of the enemy, anything to keep us from our true inheritance.

You have to be committed. All progress comes down to the ways we
integrate consciousness expansion with our daily life. The daily tasks
are good, observation of self and its relationship to the grander
design, contemplation of the mysteries, but it all must be done with the
goal of sovereignty to make it work inside you. It's what this is all
about, becoming the true self you are that knows itself in all
dimensions and realms. As the sages of various paths have said, you must
want it as you want breath. It must be vital to you. This is the chief
characteristic of the acolyte, the need to know, to prove to yourself
once and for all the soul is an immortal part of the prime creator, as a
drop of water is a part of the sea, and the sea flows out into the ocean
of awareness. We have access to the Akashic records at our disposal.
This is the true reference library for all events, past and future.
There are no gatekeepers. There is no conspiracy. It's your birthright
as a human being.

As we are more and more in the state of celestial mediumship, we get
more information. It's the dividend of being able to stay at a certain
frequency for sustained periods of time. The expanded consciousness
blends into the moment. We become occupants of a multidimensional here
and now, with information coming in through the celestial mediumship,
while we are are fully in the here and now, walking around and
performing our daily routine.

We can’t stay in high frequency all the time. We have to consciously
step down from those high states, otherwise we’d vibrate out of this
reality and all the work would be lost. Coming back into the body and
being present is vital. This is why so many internal paths developed
external exercises, like Chinese or Indian yoga to accompany the deep
meditation, the centering and grounding of consciousness through
physical exertion, concentration, respiration, and movement. This is
grounding of energy, no different than electrical grounding. How to be
present in all the innumerable worlds and times is achieved by realizing
we are not meant to stay in states of high frequency. We are not to
disrupt the blueprint in fetus plan. It makes it easier and simpler to
come back and enjoy this reality. Now changing states is as effortless
as breathing.

Source Connection
-----------------

Source connection is living in the light worlds, the worlds above the
elemental and chemical, while grounded in the body, finite and infinite
at the same time. We disconnect to contrast being connected. It's an
aspect of the lesson here — disconnection to understand connection. We
see this fundamental duality of the divine hologram everywhere — the yin
and yan of the Tao, Carl Jung's extraordinary work on duality and the
shadow, the juxtaposition to the light. Not many voices have clearly
articulated the disconnection teaching before. The thread of life goes
everywhere in the universe, and that *thread* has a connectivity
bandwidth exponentially beyond fiber optic, and yet we, this human race,
underwent the sensation of disconnection from source as an experience.
Realize what that means. We're like Chilean miners trapped in a
collapsed coal mine. That's how the connected species in the sentience
circus that is our galaxy see us, hardcore. As we have steadily moved
into self-awareness as a species, propelled as we were by Gutenberg, the
Western enlightenment, the Industrial Revolution, and, lest we forget,
the iPhone, we have seen this disconnection in the collective mind. It
rippled through with French Existentialism as chic twentieth century
philosophy, spurred on by the First World War, no doubt, the trauma of
it, the horror of it all. One of the earliest portrait's of this
dislocation would most certainly be Mister Kurtz, from Joseph Conrad's
*Heart of Darkness*, the perfect literary tone struck for the twentieth
century, published in 1899, a harbinger if ever there was one. We are
here to experience disconnection from source. Oneness has no meaning if
we don’t understand the disconnection journey first.

The disconnection fractal is achieved by controlling the mind. People
don't take a moment to realize the enormous changes the human race has
gone through since about 1890. We now live in a completely man-made
reality. We travel in an enclosed environment propelled by a tar plumbed
from the earth. We have face to face conversations a thousand miles
apart. We can drive past digital billboards in city thoroughfares. The
Greek amphitheater is Netflix, HBO, and the cable channels. Stonehenge
is Joel Olsen on a big sports screen, and the sacred is now profane.
This is spiritual conquest. This is disconnection from source. Literally
every artifact of our organic culture has been incorporated and sold
back to us. Yet, by reasons only explainable through cultural or
regional programming, we think it's unjust that Beijing select Catholic
Archbishops instead of the Vatican, and reincarnated Rinpoches instead
of the Tibetans. Regional and provincial narratives are more and more
folding into global ones. The global narrative teaches us false science,
false time by galactic timekeeping, false history, and belief systems
which long ago should have given way to tangible and productive wisdom
and knowledge traditions. False light is a multidimensional technology
commonly used here. This is the source disconnection.

Spacial Awareness
-----------------

Physical movement entangles us with individual and collective
consciousness, oscillating between explicate and implicate. We change
environment and move through different levels of consciousness. We alter
the existing. Our consciousness is acted upon by fluctuating fields of
electromagnetic energy. Epigenetics discovered our genes are made up of
fifty percent DNA and fifty percent protein. Genes are not
self-actualizing. The proteins comprise the structure of the human body,
defining shape and influencing behavior in an ongoing attempt to balance
charge and polarity from the environment.

Our individual bubble of reality gets enriched in experience and memory
through the journey on the celestial neural pathway. We go from one
hologram to another in the expansion we call the orchestra of
consciousness. The neural pathways are an assemblage of proteins that
move the body and help it to function. We all know how to walk through
this reality. The celestial mind generates the divine holograms through
which our bodies have experience. All living consciousness is part of
the symphony. The light and sound which creates and sustains all the
realities allows us to manage a fractal of it which we call our reality.
Our very reality on an individual by individual basis is a co-created
reality between us and the material of the hologram itself, sound and
light, which sustains our physical and inner existence. Our dreams are
expressed in sound and light. There are fractals within fractals.
Culture is another fractal, whether it be a pueblo in a mountain village
in Colombia, or the frenetic consumerism inspired by Madison Avenue.
It's a hologram overlaying and interacting with your personal hologram.
It binds us to an era of history. Our culture has Roman numeral time,
which is not our true accurate time stamp. It may use elements of it,
though. Our culture binds us to an era of history. It's part of the
hologram of resolution. Our entanglement into the culture’s hologram of
roman numeral time builds up a weave into the individual hologram.

Splitting Consciousness
-----------------------

The soul can be split. We can be taken out of our original bodies and
put into *simulated bodies* somewhere else. Consciousness can then be
broken into hundreds of different fractals. The fractals may then be
spread throughout time with individual missions. These are soul shards
of yourself, not *I am* selves, bigger than normal shard pieces. They
remain connected to the *I am* selves, but they are just pieces of an *I
am* shattered into many pieces. The split the piece itself still has
access to the divine hologram, though the shards are often convinced
otherwise by the practitioners of this dark abuse.

Superluminal Thinking
---------------------

Superluminal thinking leapfrogs chemical experience as the basis of
memory and consciousness. Let's look at it backwards through
photosynthesis. A plant eats light and excretes oxygen. Human beings
live in a chemical experience until light enters consciousness. It's the
reverse of plants. We consume elemental material here, calories, an
inherently chemical process, aided by a long digestive track, and we use
this energy, the fuel for the human experience, an integral part of our
chemical existence, to find the light in our consciousness. Creation in
a dual pole, free will space can often be navigated by bookends,
opposites, even irony as a conceptual understanding of the thesis,
because the opposites form contrasts, and, in a light based divine
hologram, without contrast we would not even discern the reality around
us. You see your reality, your wife or husband, your dog, you car
because the environment has light. The light finds pockets and
reflections, and it finds places it can't go, and from its presence are
all forms etched.

Superluminal operates beyond the zeros and ones of the sympathetic and
parasympathetic systems. The vagus nerve is fully functional. All the
chakras are open and interconnected through the central nervous system.
They are part of the superluminal experience. The body adds the
sensation that it can’t process, but it knows it's the unentangled
observer in superluminal thought. The body grounds us here, but the
consciousness can go beyond the speed of light to tens of millions of
places and spaces simultaneously and collect millions of unique
experiences in one millionth of a second and come back with it fully
processed. Then we go out and do it again and again until our cup is
filled. Superluminal thinking is more than we have learned, read, and
studied. It's knowingness going to the next level, the next
apprehensible sphere of experience. It's subtle. We won't have conscious
cognition of it. Everyone has experienced it, Our level of practice will
determines how fast we can apprehend it. How is that possible? You're
already there. You just don't know it. You are unconscious to it. The
unconscious mind is connected to all knowledge. The conscious mind
creates a manageable data flow so you can persist in the illusion of the
third dimension. This is the basis of the Maya teachings in Buddhism.
Illusion was perhaps the wrong word. It's more like a projection of
light refracting through the atmosphere, the projection itself emanating
from the source of all our realities, the place without sound or light
that is neither dark nor silent, Kabir's riddle.

The sound and light is all sound and light, not just what can be
experienced within the human sense ranges for hearing and sight. All
these inner worlds and universes, if they are at all apprehendable, are
sustained by sound and light. Anywhere these two persistent emanations
of the prime creator are present we find contrasts and then forms and
then realities. It's this simple.

Temporal Manipulation
---------------------

Our temporal awareness been manipulated. A lot of weaponized time travel
technology interferes with humanity’s capacity to perceive time. We can
be heavily confused with our temporal awareness. Confusion is an aspect
of temporal distortion. It can be sped up or slowed down. Our temporal
awareness is unconscious to time speeding up or slowing down. Our
individual temporal awareness determines our perception and perspective
on how fast the algorithm can move. Separate from the vagus nerve, the
thymus generates temporal awareness between the brain, heart, and gut,
then all three separate from unity, making it easier to split
consciousness. In the connective systems between the thymus, brain,
heart, and gut is where you can highjack temporal awareness. That is
another limiting system that was put inside us, however, it has
backfired on the temporal manipulators. It gives us other *backdoor
frequencies* of awareness through the temporal body.

Temporal highjacking has been around since the dawn of time. The whole
point of it is to manipulate our capacity to time stamp. Interlopers
discovered the infinite journey of soul then tried to figure out where,
when, and how they might create an incoherent pattern and get a soul
trapped in an era of history. They could then generate a global
narrative of mass distraction for the purpose of DNA Farming and hinder
the *I am* consciousness from again entering the sea of consciousness.

Temporal manipulation started forty-eight to fifty-five thousand years
ago. Not all life forms practiced temporal manipulation. It was about
limiting the amount of life forms on the surface of the earth.
Particular DNA lineages were not receptive to this temporal
manipulation. We went from nine-hundred thousand different forms to
one-hundred and thirty-five thousand. This is the basis of DNA farming.
This is how they manipulate and limit who is going to be on the farm.

Thymus
------

The thymus generates the temporal experience in the body-mind-spirit as
a complex unit. It's called the high heart because it serves as the
doorway to our higher spirit to come into the DNA experience. In science
the thymus is called a one and done gland.

The thymus encapsulates the heart through the pericardium, which is
where it is originally created. When the heart starts to grow from its
original multi-cellular structure, it is the thymus that creates the
temporal awareness, and it remains there, assisting the magnetic flux of
the heart to harmonize with time. Inside the thymus are neural pathways
that allow the transformation, transmutation, and transfiguration of
multiple forms of time between the heart and the brain, the heart and
the gut and then the heart-brain-gut as a unified structure. The thymus
and the lymph system contain those special neural pathways separate of
the entire central nervous system and separate of the vagus nerve. It's
like its own Morse Code.

The Thymus is used, not the vagus nerve, because this is time itself,
gut-time versus heart-time versus brain-time versus unified
gut-brain-heart time. Imagine a multiple choice test — fifty questions
in an hour, sixty-two seconds per question. This is the brain's
calculation of time. The heart measures the one hour as the potential of
the experience. The gut deploys intuition strategically into the
perfectly understood time span. This is the magic and mystery of
gut-time. It's been a part of our colloquial forever — gut feeling.

A third of all our central nervous pathways are in our gut, a third in
our heart, and a third in our brain. It almost forms a kind of check and
balance system, not dissimilar to the executive, legislative, and
judicial triumvirate of power in the United States. When they work
together you have *temporal awareness* — three perspectives unified.

The body-mind-spirit as a being has many forms of awareness. The brain,
heart, and gut are the triumvirate of temporal awareness. We receive
time and space and begin our map. Time creates space. Space requires
cartography. Cartography is the true mother of all art and science.
Without measurement we would not have been able to build. In one clear
aspect, all scriptures, both east and west, may be seen as inner
cartography, the landscape of the imagination.

A very unknown American poet, despite having won the Nobel Prize for
Poetry in 1955, Wallace Stevens, whose poetry itself was very much an
examination of the imagination as a human utility and as a universal
expression of nature and God, penned it beautifully in his poem,
*Another Weeping Woman*.

    Pour the unhappiness out
    From your too bitter heart,
    Which grieving will not sweeten.

    Poison grows in this dark.
    It is in the water of tears
    Its black blooms rise.

    The magnificent cause of being,
    The imagination, the one reality
    In this imagined world

    Leaves you
    With him for whom no phantasy moves,
    And you are pierced by a death.

The gut, heart, and brain possess deep awareness of the energies around
us. Electromagnetic frequencies are impacted by their environment. The
Schumann resonance is the unheard electromagnetic frequency effected by
solar winds. radiation, and planetary magnetics. This is how the
universal mind communicates to us and generates time in the temporal
awareness. It represents an opportunity for consciousness expansion.

Weather
-------

Weather is an intricate part of our history, part of what is going on at
the time. Weather is intraconnected to programmed water. The programmed
water of an era of history determines our weather patterns. We as human
beings are constantly imprinting on the water on an individual level to
create a collective. Animals and plants are conscious beings of choice,
even though they haven’t been given the rights, duties, or
responsibilities of beings of awareness, allowing the experience love.
Our laws don’t include them as part of that. The rest of the network of
life and our laws are separate from that through conscious entanglement
with the narrative. Trees, plants…. anything that has consciousness and
experiences life as part of the planet. Our journey into the great
awakening is knowing the network that is out there. We are responsible
not to step on the journeys of all the other things living here. As part
of the great awakening the ducks, the dolphins, the whales, all of them
are part of the awakening too. It is not just solely for us humans.

Q: What about the manipulation through birth control pill and the water
contamination through it? Do you know what modern birth control pill is?
Giant farms of female horses that are forever pregnant and they harvest
the urine which is being used as birth control. The pill is basically
based off a slave pregnancy regime. A horse doesn’t have a choice to get
pregnant or not. They are literally pregnant for their entire life and
then has its offerings taken and chopped up into horse meat and the
urine for pills. That’s why so many women reject the different types of
pills and it becomes detrimental to their wellbeing. Before there was
the horse urine based pill there were plenty of natural herbal remedies
to stop pregnancy. They stopped using them to pattern a pill and start
charging for them.

HIGHER MINDBODYSPIRIT COMPLEX B. CONSCIOUSNESS ENTANGLEMENT through the
incarnate life form outside of time-space Equation 1. REINCARNATION /
DNA / LIFE REVIEW / NEAR DEATH EXPERIENCES Q: What is the reincarnation
process from a DNA perspective? DNA is 80 percent memoires. That's one
of the first fundamental understandings science and spirituality are
going to have to come to terms with. We live in a reality of photonic
light that has a bunch of rules in it that says how photonic light
beings incarnate, express and exchange, and when they pass on, how they
express and exchange in another scale. And the DNA is the encoding or
the soul, or the light body is the cypher that uncodes and unpacks the
experience.

And as we come back, and many times over, to the same type of living,
after a while we store memories in DNA lineages, and this is how we go
to the immortality aspect, where we keep getting born into a lineage
that has our own memories in it, and has our regular soul family
incarnation process in it, so we can become bigger and greater beings of
divinity and light. We also live in a time where they do not teach of
our DNA lineage. They teach of mathematics and DNA and RNA and how it
can be easily changed and altered. Well, that is true because DNA is
still light in another form. It's visible on one spectrum and invisible
on another spectrum. When our consciousness reaches the peak of where we
are right now in our cells there's a part of our super consciousness
that's working with this reality, constantly encoding every micro second
of fraud time into light into our memory. Memory is not physical.
Memory, is it tangible? Is it electronic? It's a form of light that has
to be stored into an experience. ​​​​​​​We, as streams of consciousness
have thousands of sub carrier codes of millions of different experiences
inside us. And all we have to do is tune into that memory and we can go
into that stream of experience at any scale we desire using a variety of
tools.

Q: What is the other 20 percent of the DNA referring to? Our forms are
programmed to harmony – that other 20% of our DNA that is not
necessarily entangled with Consciousness. Around 7% is made up of
harmony, frequency, vibration and the remaining 13% corresponds to how
the spiritual codes and contracts unfold in linear and none-linear time.
What agencies you work or don’t work with as well as how no-time beings
can consciously entangle with the time based you to create a brand new
contract that is need for change, auditing of the self.

Q: Is this also the part of the DNA that refers to the Precognitive
Workforce? Yes, and There's a precognitive and postcognitive workforce
also. The PRECOGS are aligning the infinite set of choices, the plan A,
B, C… the choices for this particular moment. POSTCOGNITIVE WORKFORCE is
fixing some of the perception mistakes so that There's a clear line of
understanding that There's a past, present and future and the evolution
of thought into constructism itself. All that is happening based on the
choices that we are making here in time. There are choices that we make
that are outside of time too as celestial mediums and at whatever higher
state of awareness we choose to emanate at that moment, yes

Q: What is a Near Death Experience (NDE)? A near death experience would
be part of spiritual contract to allow you to see who, what, where you
have been this life time since you took your first breath aided by your
mother’s placenta in her womb. It can be an account of your past and
future lives intersecting, losing or gaining potentials on the journey
of your soul. People often meet their guides and guardians and others
they have met during their lifespan. In order for it to be considered a
near death experience the body has to still go through the trauma of it.
It's when the aura somewhat pops in a metaphorical sense and the
initially contained life force start excuding the body. After that pop
There's this vacuum of energy where the body must produce more chi and
maintain it to stay alive. The last breaths are using up the body’s last
alchemical fuel from birth. In the NDE the brain loses the
interconnectivity with the organs whilst the organs still remain a part
of the hologram. The *I am*ness begins to disintegrate its technological
structure and you go back to the Ocean of Awareness where you may have
lasting attachments to who you have been in previous lifetimes. This can
trigger life reviews and direct healings of the body connecting you back
into the original blue print of health. Some people have visions of all
different places and spaces of potentialities to refill the soul’s
capacity. Going through this transcendence phase it's vital to maintain
that auric bubble around themselves to not drain out their life force
energy There are times when you come back from a NDE as an educated
illuminated being meaning the other side taught you something very
specific. It's a change in spiritual contracts, with a new set of DNA
based coded purposes. This is not necessarily a walk in experience as
walk ins are extremely rare and often get misidentified with NDEs.

Q: Is it true to say that we are leaving time & space when going through
a NDE? Yes, with a NDE you are leaving the timespace equation as you are
moving into the Ocean of Awareness and then from there you come back.
Once you lose connection to the organs and it's just the vagus nerve and
the spinal column reporting data the body has gone through enough shut
down to facilitate that. What essentially happens is that you are
disconnected from the hologram because you are not supported by the aura
anymore. You can’t maintain that internal energy flow, it just keeps
flowing out of the body. Once we lost that bubble around us we are no
longer in the shared reality rules and begin to waver between many
different worlds including the Ocean of Awareness, as our ancestral
connection. The Sea of Consciousness is more for the many dreaming
beings travelling back and forth, contracted with you on linear and
non-linear scales, so that you stay invested in an era of light and
don’t check out before your time.

As you are leaving time and space, depending on what kind of NDE you
have, you can go to a very high density and dimensional realm. This is
when the fetus in the womb had a grand goal that you had not achieved
yet and you can be sent to 7th or 8th density to experience life from
there and then return with some of those potent memories intact. Often
people are so overwhelmed by the experience and think they can’t live up
to that energy being that they perceived themselves as. And the message
is that you can as it's already who you are and the NDE has assisted you
to discover that. Those experiences would be contracted out beforehand
in the fetus in the womb planning.

Bystanders can sometimes accompany that soul through the experience of
meeting loved ones on the other side be that now in NDE or death
scenario. Life reviews can be seen as random moments, even though
everything has an underlying universal order. When one has a life review
as part of their NDE it was to close the spiritual contracts and grow
beyond them because the soul in the internal and external infrastructure
hasn’t been able to resolve those issues. It also helps the
understanding of the existential structure of how the fetus in the womb
plans all sets of experiences including traumas, dramas, karmas,
dharmas. Often when doctors, nurses or family members perceive light
leaving the body that can be the chi, the lifeforce leaving the body at
the end of the transition process. It all depends on how the life &
death experience has been orchestrated in the fetus planning. It does
happen that people have magical unique deaths as another way of
assisting their loved ones to mend broken faith, accept the mystical in
front of them and ease them into the griefing process.

Q: What is the difference between a NDE to an Outer Body Experience
(OBE)? OBEs are generally astral travel which is very different to NDE.
The astral body still has the auric bubble intact and keeps storing chi
within the hologram.

Q: How come people can literally feel pain and think thoughts when going
through a NDE? In a life review you have lost enough of your *I am* to
perceive incidents from all different angles, sides and different points
of view at the same time. So yes, you may experience the pain you have
inflicted onto others as if being in their bodies as well as feel the
sensations of others during interactions with you. You may also find
yourself having an array of thoughts as many NDE’s report. Remember,
thoughts have an electro chemical frequency that use the body’s base
electro magnetic frequency as a storage system. This is how it creates a
linear time stamp. Through those near death experiences the body
releases those energies hence they come into the forefront of your
awareness. As an infinite being in the Ocean of Awareness you can still
experience those feeling as part of the transition process. The physical
reactions can help people to acknowledge and give meaning and resolution
to their experience once they return from a NDE. As the body takes the
last breaths There's a chemical reaction going on for as much as seven
days afterwards, still a form of attachment, a process of letting go of
the frequency of thoughts and feelings. In many mourning rituals you
stay with the dead body to honour and witness the letting go journey of
all the karmas and dharmas as an alchemical form of resolution for the
deceased as well as the family members.

Q: Can you say more on the life review outside of NDE? The life review
is part of the transition process and cannot be by passed, we all have
to do it. When you are on the verge of death you don’t necessarily
remember what to do and that is absolutely fine and normal. There are
people that understand the death as part of the ongoing journey and have
prepared for it and then there are those who are in fear and panic.
Either way your state of mind at the time will be open to have your
guides and guardians assist you to begin the life review. Images of life
long avoidance and the preciousness of life are being recognised through
the dwindling of consciousness. We can learn to value death as a new
beginning, a change of energy and consciousness, instead of being afraid
of it. Can you allow that to be a part of your ongoing daily practice?
Death is just a different level of awareness. Your choices in this
lifetime now will determine how much ease you will have with your life
review. The life you are participating now is precious and pregnant with
possibilities to be experienced to the fullest. The understanding of
death can expand one’s consciousness and take away the fear. At the end
of the day death is an acceptance journey to ensure that you have lived
your life without regrets, without forcefully jeopardising your joy,
health and wellbeing The rest is instant gratification of uneducated
mind that is in fear.

Q: Can bodies be trapped in false light? The process of capturing a soul
right after it has left the body is technically a possibility but very
unlikely to be practiced. It requires a lot of energy and a developped
infrastructure in place to put the soul essence into a simulated
environment where it may have ancestors and then force it right back
into the body with a limited or partial life review. That is known as
the false light technology.

Just like with ghost scenarios, when going through life reviews one
doesn’t necessarily have all the higher levels of awareness available. A
lot of times when the life review starts the soul is shattered into
thousands of different shards and it's the oversoul that comes in and
patches them back together. It takes out the negative soul shards, puts
them into a secondary file where another fetus from another womb may use
those soul shards from another life, a past life and integrate it into
the infinite fetus blueprint choice so that shard can get resolution in
another lifetime. Remember soul shards are not *I am*s. There's help
from the oversoul to have a greater experience through creating
liftetime after lifetime. We have access to the oversoul right now, just
a thought away, will you believe it, will you trust it? Q: Can we become
stuck in the reincarnation cycle? No, we are not stuck in reincarnation.
We are incarnating and reincarnating and the first part of your life you
maybe a reincarnating soul and if you break through the false propaganda
you may be an incarnating soul. Or you start as an incarnating soul, run
into a bunch of badass people that make you into a reincarnating soul,
repeating their karmas. You can be both at the same time depending on
the issues in the ancestral lineage of your family.

2.  THE JOURNEY TO CELESTIAL MEDIUMSHIP OF PEACE Q: What is the
    CELESTIAL MEDIUM OF PEACE? When you have elevated yourself and you
    go through the journey of transferring the consciousness of your
    allness to become the celestial medium of peace. It's operating in
    the physical, the red and blue road as well as on the celestial road
    and its many brothers and sisters.

Q: What are celestial minds? We learn this through astrology, how
astrology and the different worlds can affect us. We are working with
celestial minds who are incarnating here in our world, other worlds,
physical, non-physical, entangled and unentangled observers. We begin to
work collectively with them at the celestial medium level. What needs to
be resolved through peace at the minds of how the planets work.

Q: Is becoming a celestial medium of peace our birthright? Yes, There's
a linear process to it before it becomes fully non-linear. The linear
process is self-mastery, understanding the length of your waveform, how
strong and potent you are so when you go through the conscious aware
choice to become that celestial medium between the celestial minds and
the surface minds for the generation of subject matters of peace. You
learn how to bring unique concepts of peace to places and space of time
that are looking for that medium to inspire new layers of peace.

Q: As more people come into celestial mediumship how does that effect
the global narrative? The global narrative will become more irrelevant
to the greater growth of humanity. Humanity will start realising that
the global narrative is irrelevant to the bigger streams of time, it has
no staying power. We will be detoxifying from roman numeral time and
could probably enter a system of commerce beyond the Babylonian money
course. There are celestial commerce exchange systems that can allow
matter to matter manifestations from one density to another.

Q: Will we all become celestial mediums of peace? No, the celestial
medium of peace purpose is a very narrow band in the general awakening.
The selfspawns had the contract to do it 20 or 40 years ahead of time so
that it was seeded in the 3-5 previous generations so There's colloquial
now presentation of the very concept. You’ve got to create concepts and
language that have a staying power so that there are general jumps
creating the various bubbles of reality and the different levels of
awareness and consciousness. It prepares you ahead of time for when you
then in the flow and it's not about any of the common topics of the
global narrative distracting from a greater growth, then celestial
medium of peace will be there for anyone to connect with our planet.
Before you leave her world to become a a part of the greater group out
there she’s got some stuff to tell you. Just like covid is our story,
it’s a story we might relate to some Pleiadians around a fire.

3.  THE UNVANQUISHED DREAM OF PEACE Q: What is meant with the APPARATUS
    OF INFINITE INTERCONNECTIVITY – THE HUB OF INTERCONNECTIVITY? The
    apparatus of infinite interconnectivity is the many simultaneous
    existing selves who create the network between themselves that form
    the hub of interconnectivity. It's also part of your pre- and post
    cognitive workforce. The UNVANQUISHED DREAM is an aspect of the
    apparatus which then gives you even greater connection to all the
    versions of yourself who are sharing that perspective. THE
    UNVANQUISHED DREAMER OF PEACE comes in here too. Its purpose is to
    connect to and interconnect to all the forgotten and remembered
    oceans of awareness and many seas of consciousness that are in the
    multiverse which is layered on top of all the forms of thought and
    awareness and to connect them in a single time-space location in
    which they can manifest the wordsmith creation.

Q: Can you go into the mechanics of our precognitive workforce, how it
works and how we can best use them to help us on the great journey to
dream the great dream of peace? Our precognitive workforce is us that
has the capacity to understand that we can create an infinite amount of
conscious time travel versions of ourselves. They can go into the
future, into the past and prepare a resource of knowledge and
information that’s instantly called on as masterful manifestations of
inspiration in the moment to out create anything that is a negative,
dampening, sucking, draining, frequency within the system of domination
and control. Your *I am* precognitive workforce is all of your other
versions of self that are simultaneously existing that have earned,
learned and relearned the rights of awareness. That means that if you
are choosing to be a spiritually aware being, existing in all time-space
equations and that you are contemplating all aspects of it. There are
frequencies out there that are not all positive. You as this *I am* here
now being make this declaration in your frequency that you are a being
of equal cocreation, non-competition, non-hierarchical dreaming *I am*
breakaway DNA light body civilisation of one who is here in this DNA
form this lifetime. You are now using the genuine work to make a great
impact on those that you love, your family, your clan, your nation, your
tribe and earth mother. If you are choosing to do that on all scales you
need a masterful precognitive workforce which is your birth right and
legacy to create as a natural co-creative evolutionary being who is a
part of the great dreamtime awakening. You are using your responsibility
to impact on the loves of your life, the themes and ideologies that you
are wishing to promote to others so that they can find their own self
illumination and belief free from external gurus without sending them
down the paths to false illumination. Our precognitive workforce is
there waiting to work with us, to think with us, to love with us, to be
part of our greater expression. We must put the time, effort, energy
into believing that we can call upon our inner geniuses from many
dimensions, timestreams, galaxies and universes to form a forceful
collective of all of us who are all part of this dreamtime awakening so
we can free ourselves from the perception of limitation by the global
narrative.

Q: Have shamans always used their precognitive workforce? Yes, they just
used them in their era of light or their theme of times. Every
generation learns from the previous one and the generation that follows
interprets the next and then there are the rebel few who get back to the
source of creation and look at that as their only interpretation. That
is where we understand we are all of our past, present and future selves
simultaneously existing. You are a signature frequency match to your
precognitive workforce and to the collective workforce of the highest
forms of your light soul teachers, all of the *I am*s that are a part of
your great hall of Akashic Records.

Q: Would you be treading on someone’s journey if you sent out your
precognitive workforce to help them in a co-creational way? There’s
always a fine line where too much is too much. If the other being has no
precognition or any form of understanding of what a precognitive
workforce is then you will be stepping on their journey unless it's an
infant or a young child who hasn’t formed an *I am* yet. Most children
don’t fully form the *I am* until puberty when their thymus gland
creates 300 new forms of chemicals that suddenly floods the body to
create puberty itself which solidifies the *I am* technology as a
time-space equation.

Q: So where would they send out their precognitive workforce from, what
would be their source if they’re not *I am* aware? So first you would
have a conversation with them where you are going to cojoin your
precognitive workforces to create a manifestation of synchronicities
that helps each of the beings cocreate an aspect that brings some form
of inner inspiration and healing. This is why healers become
facilitators so that they can amalgamate their precognitive workforce
with the natural precognitive workforce of the ill person who may not
have any consciousness skills. If those *I am* beings want to become
true consciousness beings of choice they must learn the process of
self-illumination. There’s an infinite amount of teachers out there in
the great dreamtime awakening . Discover what’s the signature frequency
match for you then go out, evolve and create.
